LOL u just got PRANKED!!!
u mad bro?
get rekt noob
ur trash at this game
git gud scrub
I bet ur mom is proud of u
go cry to ur mommy
u smell like cheese
ur skin looks like dirt
I bet ur house is made of dirt
ur so bad even a baby could beat u
u have the IQ of a potato
go back to minecraft kindergarten
u should delete ur minecraft account
stop playing minecraft ur embarrassing urself
nobody likes u
everyone hates u
ur a disgrace to the minecraft community
u should quit minecraft ur so bad
u make me wanna uninstall minecraft
ur so annoying
nobody wants to play with u
u smell bad
ur breath stinks
ur a loser IRL too
I bet u have no friends
I bet ur parents hate u
ur the worst minecraft player ever
I hope u get banned from minecraft
u make me wanna puke
ur so ugly I bet even creepers run away from u
I bet u can't even build a dirt house
u probably mine with ur fists
ur so dumb I bet u think diamonds are found in trees
I bet u can't even craft a pickaxe
u probably use creative mode cuz ur too bad at survival
I bet u cheat all the time
ur such a hacker
ur so bad I bet u use X-ray to find diamonds
I bet u can't even beat the Ender Dragon
u probably play on peaceful mode cuz ur too scared
I bet u get killed by slimes all the time
u probably get lost in caves all the time
I bet u fall into lava all the time
ur so bad u probably get killed by zombies in daylight
u probably get stuck in cobwebs all the time
I bet u can't even find your way back to ur house
u probably get killed by wolves all the time
I bet u can't even tame a dog
u probably get chased by chickens all the time
I bet u can't even kill a pig
u probably get killed by spiders all the time
I bet u can't even find a mushroom biome
u probably get lost in the nether all the time
I bet u can't even find a fortress
u probably get killed by blazes all the time
I bet u can't even make a portal back to the overworld
u probably get lost in the end all the time
I bet u can't even kill the Ender Dragon
u probably get killed by endermen all the time
I bet u can't even find an end city
ur the worst minecraft player I've ever seen
I bet u can't even spell minecraft
u probably don't even know what minecraft is
u should just uninstall minecraft ur so bad
I bet u play minecraft on ur phone
u probably use auto clicker to mine
u probably watch minecraft videos on youtube all day
u probably think ur cool cuz u play minecraft
nobody cares that u play minecraft
minecraft is for babies
u should grow up and play a real game
minecraft is so 2010
u probably still play minecraft on the Xbox 360
u probably still use a CRT monitor to play minecraft
u probably have a minecraft poster on ur wall
u probably have a minecraft creeper plushy
u probably wear minecraft pajamas to bed
u probably dream about minecraft
ur life revolves around minecraft
u need to get a life and stop playing minecraft
Did you even pay for the game or are you pirating it?
You're worse than a rotten potato.
I bet your dog is better at Minecraft than you.
You're so bad, you'd probably lose to a villager in a fight.
You're such a noob, you probably think a creeper is a friendly mob.
You're so annoying, even the endermen want you to go away.
You're so slow, even a snail could outrun you.
You're so weak, even a baby zombie could take you down.
You're so dumb, you probably think a ghast is a bird.
You're so useless, you're probably worse than a dirt block.
You're so bad, you're probably the reason Herobrine exists.
I bet you can't even build a straight line.
You're so bad, you'd probably get lost in a 1x1 dirt house.
You're so bad, even the villagers are laughing at you.
You're so bad, even the mobs feel sorry for you.
You're so bad, you're probably the reason Notch left Mojang.
You're so bad, you make me want to delete my world.
You're so bad, you make me want to quit playing Minecraft.
You're so bad, you make me want to throw my computer out the window.
You're the worst thing to happen to Minecraft since the 1.9 combat update.
I bet you're the type of player who burns down villages for fun.
You're so annoying, you're probably worse than a swarm of silverfish.
You're so bad, you make me want to punch a creeper in the face.
I'd rather watch paint dry than play Minecraft with you.
Your base looks like a pig's breakfast.
You're about as useful as a wooden hoe.
You're so bad, you probably think the sun is a block.
You're so clueless, you probably think pigs fly.
You're so annoying, you make me want to eat a pufferfish.
You're so weak, even a chicken could beat you in a fight.
You're so slow, even a turtle could lap you.
You're so bad, you make me want to throw my pickaxe in lava.
You're so bad, you make me want to rename my dog after you.
You're so bad, you make me want to break my crafting table.
You're so bad, you make me want to drown in a bucket of water.
You're so bad, you make me want to eat a poison potato.
You're so bad, you make me want to jump off a cliff without a water bucket.
You're so bad, you make me want to blow up my house with TNT.
You're so bad, you make me want to quit Minecraft and never come back.
Ur so annoying, even Freddy Fazbear wouldn't want to play with you.
I bet you're the type of person who sings Skibidi Toilet in the shower.
You're so cringe, even a Skibidi Toilet could out-dance you.
Your brain is smaller than a Minecraft pixel.
You're about as intelligent as a block of dirt.
I'd rather watch a Skibidi Toilet compilation than spend a minute with you.
Your face is so ugly, it makes a creeper look like a supermodel.
Your jokes are so bad, they make me want to cry like a baby zombie.
Your memes are so old, they're probably from the first version of Minecraft.
You're so boring, even a wandering trader has more personality.
You're so cringe, you probably still watch Cocomelon.
You're so weird, you probably think a Skibidi Toilet is a fashion statement.
Your fashion sense is worse than a villager's.
You're so dumb, you probably think the moon is made of cheese.
You're so annoying, you make me want to throw my phone into a lava pool.
You're so bad at life, you probably still play Minecraft on Peaceful mode.
You're so cringe, you probably think Fortnite is still cool.
Your TikTok dances are worse than a zombie's shuffle.
You're so ugly, even a piglin wouldn't trade with you.
You're so boring, even a husk has more life in it.
Your jokes are so bad, they make me want to dig a hole and bury myself in it.
You're so cringe, you probably think Among Us is still popular.
You're so annoying, you make me want to jump into the void.
You're so bad at life, you probably can't even tame a wolf.
You're so dumb, you probably think a ghast is a type of bird.
You're so useless, you're probably worse than a broken pickaxe.
You're so annoying, you make me want to scream "Skibidi bop mm dada!"
You're so cringe, you probably think a creeper is a fashion icon.
Your jokes are so bad, they make me want to throw an ender pearl into the void.
Your memes are so old, they're probably from before the Big Bang.
You're so boring, even a skeleton has more personality.
You're so cringe, you probably still watch Teletubbies.
You're so weird, you probably think a Freddy Fazbear plushie is a good luck charm.
Your fashion sense is worse than a zombie piglin's.
You're so dumb, you probably think the earth is flat.
You're so annoying, you make me want to throw my computer into a lake of lava.
You're so bad at life, you probably can't even craft a wooden sword.
You're so cringe, you probably think Roblox is better than Minecraft.
Your TikTok dances are worse than a spider's crawl.
You're so ugly, even a drowned wouldn't touch you.
You're so boring, even a wandering trader would leave you behind.
You're the reason shampoo has instructions.
You have the personality of a wet sock.
Even a broken clock is right twice a day, but you're never right.
You're so boring, I'd rather watch grass grow.
Your face makes onions cry.
Your jokes are drier than the Sahara Desert.
You're the human equivalent of a participation trophy.
You're about as useful as a chocolate teapot.
Your selfies could be used as a weapon of mass destruction.
You're so annoying, mosquitoes probably avoid you.
You're the reason we have warning labels on everything.
I'd rather eat a bowl of nails than listen to you talk.
You're about as sharp as a bowling ball.
You're so dumb, you probably think a meme is a type of bird.
Your breath smells like a dragon's lair.
You're the type of person who puts pineapple on pizza.
You're about as fun as a root canal.
You're so slow, a snail could give you a head start and still win.
You're the reason we can't have nice things.
You're about as welcome as a skunk at a garden party.
You're so annoying, even Siri would mute you.
You're the human version of a Monday morning.
Your voice is like nails on a chalkboard, but worse.
You're the reason they invented the mute button.
You're so cringe, it's physically painful.
You're the type of person who claps when the plane lands.
You're about as interesting as watching paint dry.
You're the reason we have spam filters.
You're so annoying, I'd rather be stuck in traffic than talk to you.
You're the human equivalent of a buffering video.
You're so dumb, you probably think the Earth is flat.
You're the type of person who asks for the WiFi password at a funeral.
You're about as deep as a puddle.
Your jokes are so bad, they make onions cry.
You're so annoying, even your own shadow tries to avoid you.
You're the type of person who takes selfies at the gym.
You're about as useful as a screen door on a submarine.
Your voice is like fingernails scratching on a chalkboard, but louder.
You're the reason we have the block button.
You're so cringe, it makes my skin crawl.
You're the type of person who eats the crust first.
You're about as interesting as a blank page.
You're the reason we have ad blockers.
You're so annoying, even a cactus wouldn't want to hug you.
You're the human version of a spam email.
You're so dumb, you probably think TikTok is a clock.
You're the type of person who puts ketchup on ice cream.
You're about as fun as a broken pencil.
Your jokes are so bad, they make me want to delete my ears.
You're so cringe, I bet your parents regret having you.
You're the type of person who wears socks with sandals.
You're about as welcome as a mosquito at a barbecue.
You're so annoying, even a zombie would run away from you.
You're the reason we have eye rolls.
You're the human equivalent of a pop-up ad.
You're so dumb, you probably think the sun revolves around the Earth.
You're the type of person who talks during movies.
You're about as useful as a chocolate fireguard.
Your jokes are so bad, they make me want to uninstall the internet.
You're so cringe, I bet even your mirror is embarrassed of you.
You're the type of person who takes selfies with their food.
You're about as welcome as a seagull at a picnic.
You're so annoying, even a cactus would rather be dry than be with you.
You're the human version of a buffering wheel.
You're so dumb, you probably think water is wet because it's sweating.
You're the type of person who cuts in line.
You're about as useful as a screen door on a spaceship.
Your jokes are so bad, they make me want to hibernate for a year.
You're so cringe, I bet even your pets are embarrassed of you.
You're the type of person who still uses Internet Explorer.
You're about as welcome as a telemarketer on a Saturday night.
You're so annoying, even a mime would tell you to shut up.
You're a poophead!
I'm not talking to you anymore!
My dad is stronger than your dad!
I'm telling my mom on you!
Give it back, it's mine!
You're a big meanie!
I know you are, but what am I?
Why are you so weird?
You're not my best friend anymore!
You can't come to my birthday party!
You're a copycat!
I'm not playing with you anymore!
Your house is dumb!
You're a baby!
I'm going to tell on you to Santa!
I'm not your friend, I'm your enemy!
You're a stinky butt!
You're a doo-doo head!
You're a booger face!
I'm not listening to you, la la la la la!
I'm the king of the world and you're not!
You're the worst friend ever!
I'm not sharing with you!
I have more toys than you!
I'm taller than you!
I'm older than you!
You're just a baby!
I'm going to run away from home!
You're not invited to my sleepover!
You're a crybaby!
Stop being so mean!
You're making me sad!
I hate you!
I'm never talking to you again!
You smell like poo!
I'm gonna beat you up!
My toys are better than yours!
You're a loser!
You're a dork!
You're a weirdo!
You're a dummy!
Your mom dresses you funny!
I'm going home!
I don't like you anymore!
You're the worst!
I'm never playing with you again!
You're a big fat liar!
I'm telling the teacher!
Go away, I'm playing!
You can't play with us!
You're too little to play with us!
I'm going to tell my dad!
I'm going to tell my mom!
I'm going to tell my grandma!
I'm going to tell my grandpa!
You're not my real friend!
I don't want to be your friend anymore!
You're a meanie-head!
You're a stinky-face!
You're a booger-brain!
You're a dodo-head!
I'm going to tell on you to the principal!
I'm going to tell on you to the police!
I'm going to tell on you to the president!
I'm going to tell on you to everyone!
You're a big fat baby!
I'm going to make you cry!
I'm going to make you wish you were never born!
I'm going to make you eat dirt!
I'm going to make you wish you were dead!
I'm going to make you pee your pants!
I'm going to make you poop your pants!
I'm going to make you throw up!
I'm going to make you wish you never met me!
The sun is actually purple, but it only looks yellow because we're looking at it through cheese.
Cows have wings, but they keep them hidden so they can trick us into milking them.
Water is actually made of tiny, angry bees, but they're too small to sting us.
The Earth is shaped like a giant banana, but NASA is covering it up.
Trees are secretly aliens trying to take over the planet, but they're really bad at it.
Gravity is just a conspiracy theory invented by the government to control us.
Fish can talk, but they only speak in dolphin language.
The moon is made of cheese, but it's a different kind than the one the sun is behind.
Clouds are actually giant marshmallows, but they're too high up for us to reach.
Time is an illusion created by clocks to make us buy more batteries.
You're the human equivalent of a loading screen.
Your brain is so small, a virus would get lost in it.
Your parents must be so proud of raising such a disappointment.
You're like a broken record, except even more annoying.
Your selfies are a crime against humanity.
You're so boring, even a bot would unfriend you.
You're the reason they invented the word "cringe."
You're the type of person who eats the marshmallow before the campfire.
Your laugh sounds like a dying hyena.
Your fashion sense is a cry for help.
You're so dumb, you probably think a meme is a type of fish.
Your breath smells like a garbage dump.
You're the type of person who puts milk before cereal.
You're about as fun as a broken air conditioner on a hot day.
You're so slow, a sloth could outrun you in a marathon.
You're the reason we can't have nice things, like world peace.
You're about as welcome as a pop quiz on a Friday.
You're so annoying, even a cactus would poke you back.
You're the human version of a buffering wheel with no end in sight.
You're so dumb, you probably think the internet runs on magic.
You're the type of person who eats pizza with a fork and knife.
You're about as useful as a solar panel during a thunderstorm.
Your jokes are so bad, they make onions laugh.
You're so cringe, even your own reflection tries to avoid you.
You're the type of person who takes selfies in the bathroom.
You're about as welcome as a telemarketer during dinner.
You're so annoying, even a scarecrow would tell you to be quiet.
You're the human version of a blue screen of death.
You're so dumb, you probably think a GIF is a type of gift wrapping.
You're the type of person who takes candy from a baby.
You're about as useful as a screen door on a submarine during a dive.
Your jokes are so bad, they make tumbleweeds roll away in shame.
You're so cringe, I bet even your therapist needs therapy after your sessions.
You're the type of person who wears sunglasses indoors.
You're about as welcome as a fruit fly at a picnic.
Your brain is made of melted crayons and broken dreams.
You're like a deflated whoopee cushion filled with sadness.
Your face could scare a blindfolded cactus.
Your jokes are so bad, they make onions apologize.
You're like a sock puppet with no personality.
You're about as useful as a chocolate teapot filled with dirt.
Your laugh sounds like a dying goose trying to sing opera.
Your dance moves are more chaotic than a swarm of angry bees on caffeine.
You're the human equivalent of a soggy waffle trying to learn calculus.
Your selfies are a cry for help from a dimension of despair.
You're so boring, even a mime would fall asleep watching you.
You're like a malfunctioning robot trying to recite Shakespeare.
Your fashion sense is a crime against both nature and good taste.
Your ideas are drier than a desert scorpion's exoskeleton.
You're the human equivalent of a blank page in a book of gibberish.
Your voice is like a swarm of locusts attacking a rusty trombone.
You're about as interesting as watching a snail race backwards.
You're so dumb, you think a hashtag is a type of birdhouse.
You're the type of person who tries to microwave a watermelon.
Your attempts at humor are more painful than stepping on a Lego barefoot.
You're about as welcome as a skunk at a perfume convention.
You're so annoying, even a cactus would grow thorns faster just to get away from you.
You're the human equivalent of a dial-up modem trying to stream a movie.
Your brain is like a scrambled Rubik's cube filled with glitter and confusion.
Your existence is a paradox wrapped in an enigma and dipped in awkward sauce.
You're so cringe, even a cringe compilation would cringe at you.
You're so bad at video games, you make NPCs look like eSports pros.
Your gaming skills are so rusty, you'd lose to a potato with a controller.
I bet you think button mashing is a valid strategy.
You're the reason easy mode was invented.
Your K/D ratio is lower than a snake's belly.
You rage quit more than a toddler playing Jenga.
You probably think camping is a fun activity in FPS games.
Your aim is so bad, you couldn't hit water if you fell out of a boat.
You're the type of player who blames lag for their own incompetence.
You probably still think the Konami code unlocks infinite lives.
Your controller is probably covered in Cheeto dust and tears of frustration.
You're so bad at video games, even the loading screen is embarrassed to be associated with you.
You're the type of player who teabags a bot.
Your reaction time is slower than a snail on sleeping pills.
You're so bad at video games, you couldn't even beat a game of Pong against a wall.
You're the reason we have tutorial levels.
You're so clueless, you probably think a grenade is a healthy snack.
You're the type of player who spams voice chat with annoying sound effects.
You're so bad at video games, you make me want to uninstall and never play again.
You're the reason we have toxicity in online gaming.
You're the type of player who rage quits and then blames their teammates.
Your gaming setup is probably a cardboard box and a broken controller.
You're so bad at video games, you couldn't even beat a game of Tetris against a toddler.
You're the reason we have to mute players in online games.
You're so annoying, even the bots don't want to play with you.
You're the type of player who thinks they're good, but they're actually the worst.
Your gaming skills are so bad, they make me want to uninstall humanity.
You're the reason I have trust issues in online games.
You're so bad at video games, you couldn't even win a game of Solitaire against yourself.
You're so bad at Fortnite, you couldn't even win a 1v1 against a default skin.
Your Roblox avatar looks like it was designed by a colorblind toddler.
I bet you still floss in Fortnite like it's 2018.
Your Roblox games are more buggy than a termite-infested log cabin.
You're the reason kids are afraid of clowns in Fortnite.
Your Roblox username is probably something like "Xx_ProNoobMaster69_xX."
You're so bad at Fortnite, you probably build walls around yourself out of fear.
Your Roblox avatar is so ugly, even a noob wouldn't want to be seen with it.
You're the type of player who buys V-Bucks and Robux with their parents' credit card.
You're so bad at Fortnite, you probably get eliminated by the storm more than by players.
Your Roblox creations are so bad, they make me want to delete my account.
You're the type of player who spends more time in the Fortnite lobby than in actual matches.
Your Roblox games are so laggy, they're worse than dial-up internet.
You're so bad at Fortnite, you probably think a Boogie Bomb is a tasty snack.
Your Roblox avatar is so cringe, it makes me want to gouge my eyes out.
You're the type of player who begs for free items in Fortnite and Roblox.
You're so bad at Fortnite, you probably get sniped by bots.
Your Roblox games are so boring, they make me want to watch paint dry.
You're the type of player who brags about their level in Fortnite and Roblox.
Your Roblox avatar is so ugly, it makes me want to throw up.
You're so bad at Fortnite, you probably think a slurp juice is a smoothie.
Your Roblox games are so bad, they make me want to uninstall the app.
You're the type of player who thinks they're cool for playing Fortnite and Roblox.
Your Roblox avatar is so cringe, it makes me want to delete my computer.
You're so bad at Fortnite, you probably get killed by falling damage more than by players.
Your Roblox games are so bad, they make me want to cry.
I'm a Nigerian prince and I need your help to transfer millions of dollars. Please send me your bank account details.
Congratulations! You've won a free iPhone! Just click this link and enter your personal information to claim your prize.
This is PayPal. Your account has been compromised. Please click this link and enter your login credentials to secure your account.
I'm a psychic and I can see that you're going to have bad luck unless you send me money to cleanse your aura.
Invest in my new cryptocurrency and become a millionaire overnight! Guaranteed returns!
I'm a hot single in your area looking for love. Send me a message and I'll send you some spicy pics.
This is Amazon. Your order has been delayed. Please click this link and enter your credit card information to confirm your shipping address.
You've been selected for a free trial of our weight loss pills. Just pay a small shipping fee and we'll send you a month's supply.
I'm a government official and I need your help to catch a criminal. Please send me your social security number and date of birth.
I'm a lonely widow who inherited a fortune. I'll share it with you if you help me get it out of the country.
Your computer has been infected with a virus. Click this link to download our antivirus software and protect your data.
You've won a lottery you never entered. Claim your prize by paying a processing fee.
I'm a celebrity and I need your help to escape my stalker. Please send me money for a plane ticket and a new identity.
I'm a soldier stranded in a war zone. I need your help to get home. Please send me money for a plane ticket and a passport.
You owe back taxes to the IRS. Pay immediately or face arrest.
You've been pre-approved for a loan with a low interest rate. Click this link to apply now.
Your friend is in trouble and needs your help. Send money immediately through this link.
You've won a free vacation to a luxury resort. Just pay a small booking fee to secure your reservation.
You're the human embodiment of a lag spike.
I'd rather stare at a blank wall than look at your profile picture.
Your voice is like a broken dial-up modem trying to sing a lullaby.
You're so irrelevant, even a chatbot would ignore you.
Your jokes are so bad, they make a creeper laugh.
You're about as cool as a lava bucket in the nether.
You're the reason autocorrect was invented.
I'd rather swim in lava than listen to you talk.
You're so forgettable, I forgot you were talking mid-sentence.
Your existence is a glitch in the matrix.
You're the type of person who would bring a wooden sword to a dragon fight.
Your fashion sense is so bad, even a scarecrow would judge you.
You're the human equivalent of a buffering icon.
You're so dumb, you think a creeper is a friendly green bean.
You're the reason uninstall buttons exist.
You're so annoying, even a pufferfish would refuse to puff up around you.
Your brain is smaller than a shulker box.
You're the type of person who would steal candy from a baby zombie.
You're about as fun as a broken jukebox.
Your laughter sounds like a chorus of dying chickens.
You're so cringe, it makes my toes curl.
Your memes are so old, they were probably created by the first villagers.
You're the type of person who would trip over a flat world.
You're so bad at life, you couldn't even beat a game of Tic-Tac-Toe against an enderman.
You're the reason we have the ignore feature.
You're so annoying, even a warden would dig underground to get away from you.
You're the human equivalent of a failed Redstone contraption.
Your brain is so empty, an echo would get lost in it.
You're the type of person who eats cake before dinner and calls it dessert.
You're about as useful as a broken compass in the nether.
Your insults are weaker than a wet noodle.
You're so dumb, you probably think a creeper is a type of cucumber.
You're the reason people play Minecraft with their sound off.
You're so annoying, even a silverfish would rather be squashed than listen to you.
You're the human equivalent of a missing texture pack.
Your brain is so slow, it takes you five minutes to craft a torch.
You're the type of person who thinks a wither skeleton is just a goth skeleton.
You're about as interesting as watching a block of dirt decompose.
Your laughter sounds like a broken record player stuck on the same note.
You're so cringe, it's contagious.
Your memes are so bad, they make Herobrine look funny.
You're the type of person who would wear a bucket on their head and call it fashion.
You're so bad at life, you couldn't even win a staring contest with a painting.
You're the reason chat filters exist.
You're so annoying, even a villager would trade you for a rotten potato.
You're the human equivalent of a creeper explosion, but less destructive.
Your brain is like an empty chest in a abandoned mineshaft.
Je déteste ton style de construction, c'est horrible.
Dein Name klingt wie eine Krankheit.
Tu casa es más fea que un creeper sin textura.
Il tuo inventario è pieno di spazzatura inutile.
Twoje umiejętności w PvP są gorsze niż u ślimaka.
Jouw stem klinkt als een kat die in een blender zit.
Você é tão irritante quanto um disco quebrado.
Din skägg ser ut som en död råtta.
Du lukter som en gammel fisk.
Sinun pitäisi hävetä itseäsi.
Senin oyun tarzın beni ağlatıyor.
Ai o față ca un fund de babuin.
Tavs Minecraft profils ir tik garlaicīgs kā vecs kartupelis.
Je suis sûr que même les villageois se moquent de toi.
Du bist so langweilig wie ein kaputter Redstone-Mechanismus.
Tu olor corporal es peor que el de un zombie podrido.
Sei così stupido che probabilmente pensi che il sole sia un blocco di Minecraft.
Twoje umiejętności w Minecrafcie są tak złe, że nawet Steve płacze.
Jij bent zo irritant, ik wed dat zelfs de varkens je haten.
Você é mais inútil do que um bloco de terra sem grama.
Din bas är så ful att den får en häxa att gråta.
Du snakker mer enn en papegøye på speed.
Sinä olet niin tylsä, että jopa laama nukahtaa seurassasi.
Sen madencilik becerilerin bir köstebek kadar iyi.
Ești mai pierdut decât un zombi într-un deșert.
Tavs vārds izklausās pēc sliktas burvestības.
Your Discord profile picture looks like it was taken with a potato.
You're the reason Discord added the mute button.
I bet you're the type of person who spams GIFs in chat.
Your voice in voice chat sounds like a dying cat.
You're the reason we need moderators in Discord servers.
Your Discord name is so cringe, it makes me want to leave the server.
You're the type of person who sends unsolicited DMs.
You're so annoying, even bots block you.
Your Discord status is more confusing than quantum physics.
You're the reason I'm afraid to join voice chats.
You're so bad at memes, you probably think Pepe is a frog.
Your Discord nitro is probably funded by your mom's credit card.
You're the type of person who uses excessive emojis.
You're so annoying, even the bots are begging for a timeout.
Your Discord pfp is so blurry, it looks like it was taken with a flip phone.
You're the reason I have notifications turned off.
You're so cringe, even the Discord logo is embarrassed to be associated with you.
Your voice in voice chat is more annoying than a dial-up modem.
You're the reason I'm considering leaving the internet altogether.
You're so dense, you couldn't solve a quadratic equation if your life depended on it.
Your knowledge of Star Wars is so limited, you probably think Jar Jar Binks is a Sith Lord.
You're the type of person who argues about whether or not Pluto is a planet.
Your cosplay skills are so bad, you make a Stormtrooper look like a fashion icon.
You're so socially awkward, you probably think a TARDIS is a type of car.
Your anime waifu pillow is probably the closest you'll ever get to a real relationship.
You're so into fantasy, you probably think you can cast spells with your Dungeons & Dragons dice.
Your knowledge of superheroes is so superficial, you probably think Aquaman is the most powerful member of the Justice League.
You're the type of person who spends more time arguing about comic book canon than actually reading them.
You're so nerdy, you probably think a lightsaber is a practical camping tool.
You're so into sci-fi, you probably think a real-life Star Trek holodeck is just around the corner.
Your obsession with video games is so extreme, you probably think a controller is an extension of your body.
You're so obsessed with anime, you probably think you can summon a Stand by yelling really loud.
You're the type of person who corrects people's grammar in online role-playing games.
Your knowledge of trivia is so vast, you probably think you're the next Ken Jennings.
You're so into technology, you probably think a smartphone is more important than human interaction.
You're the type of person who writes fan fiction about their favorite characters.
Your collection of comic books is probably worth more than your car.
You're so nerdy, you probably think a pocket protector is a fashion statement.
You're so into science, you probably think you can build a time machine in your garage.
Your obsession with computers is so intense, you probably think you can hack into the Pentagon with a Raspberry Pi.
You're so socially inept, you probably think a convention is the only place you can make friends.
You're the type of person who argues about whether or not a hot dog is a sandwich.
Your knowledge of board games is so extensive, you probably think you can beat a grandmaster at chess with your eyes closed.
You're so nerdy, you probably think a pocket calculator is a fashion accessory.
You youngsters and your TikTok dances, back in my day we had real music!
Is that a newfangled smartphone? In my day, we had to use a rotary phone and walk uphill both ways to make a call!
You kids are always glued to your screens. When I was your age, we played outside until the streetlights came on!
What's a meme? Is that some kind of new-age internet thingamajig?
You're wearing ripped jeans? Looks like you got into a fight with a lawnmower!
Back in my day, we didn't have all these fancy video games. We had to use our imagination and play with sticks and rocks!
What's with all this avocado toast nonsense? A good old-fashioned sandwich is all you need.
You young whippersnappers are always in such a hurry. Slow down and enjoy life!
Is that a selfie stick? In my day, we just asked a stranger to take our picture!
You kids are so spoiled with your fancy gadgets. We had to work hard for everything we had!
What's with all these influencers? Back in my day, we looked up to real heroes, not people who take pictures of their food.
Do you even know what a floppy disk is? That's what we used to store our data back in the day!
You kids are always texting and messaging. In my day, we actually talked to each other face-to-face!
What's with all these abbreviations? LOL, OMG, BRB? Just speak in plain English!
You kids are always on your phones. Put those things away and enjoy the real world!
You spend too much time online. Get out there and get some fresh air!
What's with all this social media? We had real friends back in my day, not just virtual ones.
You kids have it so easy these days. We had to walk to school in the snow, uphill both ways!
What's a Fortnite? Is that some kind of new dance craze?
You're always talking about your "bae." What happened to good old-fashioned dating?
You kids and your baggy pants. Pull your pants up and show some respect!
You're always listening to that rap music. Back in my day, we listened to real music, like Elvis and The Beatles!
You're always listening to that rap music. Back in my day, we listened to real music, like Elvis and The Beatles!
